So what we want to do now is French,
these bones so peeling back
some of the tougher fat and meat
to expose the bone
and make it look beautiful to start that,
I'm going to remove some of this
belly here that's also attached.
So we've got a seam under here.
No problem.
We just got to find our way in.
Start peeling.
You should see
and hear that beautiful sound.
Careful
towards the end, you could damage
some of it if you're not careful.
But I've been a little mark here
where I want to French to.
OK, so what I'm going to do
is I'm going to start
by scoring the back of these bones.
And look at the angle of my knife,
so it's almost like, well,
we call this bone skin.
It's a little bit of connective tissue
holding on to these bones,
and I'm going to turn it the other way
and I'm just going to get underneath it.
Now, what I'm going to do is
I'm going to use the end of my knife here
and just try to get behind it.
This isn't something
that is easy to do,
but once you get the technique,
it's simple.
Also important here make sure that
no lamb fat on your knife,
on the handle anyway
because my fingers are awfully close here.
So because I've got behind that bone skin.
Check this out.
Just peels beautifully,
so I'm using my wrist here
to kind of turn a little bit,
and that's pushing that connective tissue
down.
Look at that.
So I'm going to keep going,
and now I'm just going to remove them.
So I find it easy to go back to this side
because I want a nice straight
line across beautiful.
And then I can kind of go back
and just make sure.
Beautiful.
Now I'm going to go back
and just touch them up
and make sure there's no connective
tissue left on them.
And then.
We'll move on to the other way.